[ENH] Use the app base paths for VIRTUAL_PATH (#286)
neurobagel/documentation: docs/user_guide/config.md

                  NB_API_ALLOWED_ORIGINS: ${NB_NAPI_ALLOWED_ORIGINS:-"*"}
                  NB_ENABLE_AUTH: ${NB_ENABLE_AUTH:-false}
                  NB_QUERY_CLIENT_ID: ${NB_QUERY_CLIENT_ID}
                  VIRTUAL_HOST: myservice1.myinstitute.org

>                   VIRTUAL_PATH: ${NB_NAPI_BASE_PATH:-/}

Reviewer: Question: did we confirm that this doesn't work with `NB_NAPI_BASE_PATH=""` (e.g., if one service is hosted on the subdomain root and others on subpaths, or when all services on on different subdomains?)

If so, we might also want to change the default/comments in the template.env to avoid confusion, e.g.
https://github.com/neurobagel/recipes/blob/58e5acc5c694777171bf773afd4fe26341ed530f/template.env#L59-L62

          - Copy both files below into your `recipes` directory
          - In the `Caddyfile`, replace the placeholder domains with the custom domains your proxied services will use (see comments) 

>           - If you prefer to host services on different subpaths instead of different subdomains, 
>           first update your `Caddyfile` (see the [Caddy docs](https://caddyserver.com/docs/caddyfile/matchers#path)) and then make sure to
>         update the base path variables in the `.env` file for each service (see the [`.env` docs](config.md#environment-variables) for more details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
          - If you prefer to host services on different subpaths instead of different subdomains: 
              - Update your `Caddyfile` accordingly (see the [Caddy docs](https://caddyserver.com/docs/caddyfile/matchers#path))
              - Additionally, update the `*_BASE_PATH` variables in the `.env` file for the relevant services, e.g., `NB_NAPI_BASE_PATH` for the node API (see the [`.env` docs](config.md#environment-variables) for more details)
```
